what's up javier welcome welcome thank you
very much
guys well nothing today
blonde is trending because look at what
things I didn't come to see
progressives cry it's very funny it's going to be seeing
all the progressives cry okay well
look at what things look like in life
a couple of days ago we were
talking about the Andorra issue the
tax issue not the VAT video and all the
people who applauded it and today blonde is trending
because it has announced that it is also
going to Andorra okay in fact it seems to me
the most logical thing in the world okay that the
noise should go away from now on it seems to me the most
logical thing in the world what doesn't seem
logical to me is the time captured in Spain
that is what doesn't seem logical to me I mean I do
n't understand okay and now I ask myself
a question for the progressives who
defended ibai okay
take a calculator take a
calculator and tell me how
more money would stay in the country how
more money would stay in the country if
taxes were decent and these people did
n't leave
or now that taxes make that
earn more than 60 thousand euros a month from
then on pay half
and leave because it's normal for them to leave
because no one is going to stay and pay
half I mean if you're earning 60 thousand
euros a month
okay in January you pay approximately
30 to 35 percent but from
February February March May onwards open every
month okay every month yes I know that
said May before April well
nothing happens every month you have to
pay half no one is going to stay here no matter how
much money you earn okay the
argument of good you are already left with
too much that argument is not valid that
argument is useless the kid is throwing out a
shitty argument that that argument would not be
applied to anyone who earned that
money nobody
because there are many thanks a lot my
headphones turn off
observe that you bank without battery
web
if you are without battery
that shitty argument nobody nobody is
the bird the mentality that we have here in
Spain I already explained to you these days okay
but the mentality that we have here in
Spain is that the people who defend that
is out of envy okay because yes yes yes
those who have money have to be taken away
more there have to  take even more from him because
I can't earn it and you can't earn it
you're worth that much that
how much do you pay in taxes from nando
reverse that in the video that says
main 10% earn whatever you earn
10% now I want all the
progressives who defended and who are
servants of the government to take a
calculator and tell me how
more wealth would stay in the country
if asking people to
pay half the taxes or that they are
and leave because they are obviously leaving
in fact it's not that the blond is leaving
Andorra it's that many more many more
top youtubers who are in
Andorra don't say it for fear of
well-being and these things okay but I
know of a montoya of the top of the tops
I think that in Spain there are none
okay and the ones that are still in Spain it's
because they have tried to go to Andorra and they have not been
allowed because they have to meet the
requirements okay but there are progresses that have been
attempted and Andorra has not been able to there
are people afterwards who stay in Spain
but in reality they are not  they are self-employed but
what they do is create a company
to pay less taxes
the argument that they don't care if they
take half from them is a lie okay that's
very easy to say from below when you don't
charge it out of
envy because you don't want someone else to charge it because you think you'll never get to charge it and then you want them to take something from you but this one charges them a lot to take it away and they should take more from you how to say okay no alex welcome thank you very much and in
both I say that well there's a lot on youtube since they
are in Andorra and they don't say it and they don't
say it okay but I know almost all of them are
there almost all of them are there ok that you do
n't know almost everything is there what
happens is that they don't announce it so that
a stir doesn't form as we're going to see now
in that way because of the blonde okay Julian I do
n't want I don't
want to say anything Julian okay but I
'm really telling you all the
top youtubers are in Andorra guys
Ingrid here in ú s Halo Max average is
37 or 38 percent 38% Estela  also
then the plot but well
to the point is worth it all those who start
earning a lot of money goes that is money that
the country loses that it is preferable that they
stay here in Spain pay 25
percent although it is asked for all and not
only do they not pay taxes in Spain but they do
not spend they do not consume in Spain
either is not worth it
look we are getting
closer to Venezuela every time we are getting
closer to Venezuela ok the country is going to
[ __ ] ruin okay and all this
digestive servitude and bike alive there is clear that yes and
more that they should take away from the
rich be those who if that what you think
that the money that is taxed if the
youtubers stay here they take
half by for you or for everything is going to
go to public services at home don't you
see
don't you see that the money here is
squandered
or rather I am delighted to pay taxes in Spain
and that Spain continues to have and improve
the social security that it has of
course and that we have
excellent public services okay but if the
money that is being taxed and that  it is being
paid it will be managed well and they do not
know how to adapt for example in creating
ministries that are useless like
the ministry of equality to give it
work irene montero is worth 4 rocks in
barcelona monument there of ada colau is
worth it and a lot of other [ __ ]
surely it would be enough with the one we
already have but I love one even worse even
worse is that with those taxes everything is
going okay and we talk about youtube but it is not
only youtubers it
is not only youtube in which
Andorra is leaving businessmen are leaving people who
have online stores a lot of
people are leaving in the bazaars the youtubers are the ones who complain
itar because that makes
people more envious because they
are kids and they are people who were previously
poor and have achieved it you gave it to them it is
that what javi says is not exaggerated that
things are not like that that then milk that they
throw water on themselves okay
but the thing is like this we
are going to see
annoying and come back and I would have left already
if I did not have small children I would not be
interested in leaving it is crazy it is that it is
crazy I mean if I do not  I say to you,
I'm not saying that I don't want to
pay taxes, or that taxes are bad,
or that taxes shouldn't be paid, of
course taxes should be paid
because it doesn't sound like the progressive nature of
taxes. I'm getting angry because I would
love for a progressive to come up here to
debate with me
to argue with me because it makes sense
that someone has half taken away because they do
n't have it, they don't have it, they don't have it, it makes no
sense at all that
someone has half taken away no matter how much
money they earn, how much it slips away from me, the more it
occurs to them, the more they generate, the more they undertake, the more I
throng, the
more money they will earn to even
undertake so that they punish you
because the state punishes you, okay, the
state makes it so that if you earn more money they
take more from you, well, the truth is that no, and
then to see how they put it in their
pockets, another one, well, the truth is that no,
for that, no,
after two debates are adjusted here,
okay, one is
the issue of whether it is logical that they
take half from you, okay, and another is how
taxes are spent and wasted and
the two are put together and you say  I'm going to Andorra,
that's clear, okay, taxes should
be logical, 25 percent for all
people, regardless of what they earn, 25
percent, the self-employed fee is worth
three hundred euros for those who earn more, for those who
earn less, 50 bucks, what they
pay is 300, regardless of who earns because
these people don't realize, in other words, they
defend the abusive taxes, they
defend those taxes that we have
when they don't realize that the
self-employed fee is three hundred euros even if it
generates 500 euros, it
's absurd even if it generates 0 balls, how
absurd and senseless, let's see the
nonsense and the crying the progressives have put,
okay, well, it's the countryside, it's the countryside, without a
double of the countryside, the streamers and
youtubers to follow in Spain, and are you
thinking of going to Andorra, think about it again,
give it a couple of turns, have given it a
couple of turns. Let's imagine that I earn
two million euros a month, I
go monthly but a year, have given it a
turn, of course, man, of
course  Dude, if I stay in Spain, of those
2 million
I have to give him one, but if I stay in
Andorra, of those 2 million
I have to give him 100,000, I'll keep
900,000 more in the bank,
but we have to be supportive, we have to give it to him, we have to give it to the
politicians, we have to give it to the
politicians so that they can raise their salaries whenever the hell they
want. Don't lower the VAT
on electricity, of
course, put four stones in
Barcelona. Hire makeup artists, 66
Syrians, official cars,
800 thousand milliliters. Yes, yes, yes, I think I'm
going to give it a couple of laps around the
field and I'll stay, I'll stay, Javi, and it's the little
businessman cut. Well, let's see this
cut. Well, it's a YouTube cut. You
said, let's see how I look younger by
having my SME. He gave you, will I
earn more money? But if you're in
the position of leaving
or being profitable, it's because you have enough
to live on. Me too. What he knows is that
this argument, the worst thing is that this
man apparently does it because this
man earns a lot of money they also
told me that he had like 15 thousand or 10
thousand members in tweets this means
that he earns at least 20,000 members worth
20 or 30 thousand euros from members plus what he
earns uploading this man's videos
let's say he earns about 40,000 a month which
I think will be around there so this
man of the 40 thousand euros a month January
February and March pays 30% more or less
but it's already passed 60 thousand and the rest of
nine months half is let's imagine this
man earns how much I said
no sorry January-February-March we haven't
said that he will earn about 40 thousand I don't know if I
always earn 40 thousand
January in February approximately 30
40 percent okay and from March
10 months on half earns 40 thousand you pay
of course I said from the field I'm going to give
life a twist take a turn have you realized
realized that those 20 thousand
because you say not to be supportive well
then let me be  solidarity first
with my family before yours
valuable let me be supportive of my
family before putting half a power
to a straw of 400 euros that pays it and
the aid to see when they find out it is
for to stop while you find something
else okay but there are people there are
kids not everyone sees I do not want to
generalize but not everyone but
most kids and lazy people they
give the payment of 400 euros a month the
aid that is called I do not know if you correspond
or if you have contributed I do not know if a year or a
year and a half I do not remember but instead
of looking for work what they do is
as the aid is six months they look for
jobs after the fifth - sir the
aid is so that you have something to
survive while they find another
job but with this I have for the
liters drawings my mother to take for ass
well for that those 20 thousand giving them the
field a month is worth in Andorra surely it
would be
four or five thousand and the rest supports
their entire family and all the
generations to come okay
I prefer to take my mother my father
my sister already  My wife should work now,
my mother-in-law is worth it before giving it to the
state so that the state can do what it wants,
put money in if you ask
me because look, there
are many traditional private health systems, social security,
no, I defend public health, okay,
I defend public health and I think it's
the best there is in the world, okay,
and we have to maintain it, but what
percentage of taxes go to
public health,
what percentage goes to
politicians' salaries, what percentage goes to
politicians' allowances,
please take a look at the
hood,
look at what they pay, assuming they
earn 40,000, which I don't know, we'll be
talking about the fact that in January and February, more or
less, for what they pay each month,
10,000, we already have 20 thousand, and the rest of the
months, 20 thousand, that is, we'll be talking about
more than 200 thousand euros, they
pay taxes,
more than two hundred thousand euros
when maybe in Andorra they would pay
40,000 and the bank would keep 150 thousand
euros more and in 300  you count above
without knowing what he earns, I mean if you put me
at one euro in play out blond dude, a blond
how much the hell does the blond earn a month? The
blond a month can easily earn
four hundred thousand, well of course he earns it, of
course he earns it, could you imagine that
blond paying all the time he's been paying because of
the high taxes, capital fleeing
Spain, less capital, less business, less business, less employment, less employment, more
poverty and a chain rhythm that we would
never finish, a chain that would never
end
and in the end we're heading towards poverty, we're on the
way to Venezuela, kids with this
government on the way to Venezuela and all the
progressives that I'm seeing throwing the
progressives are crying their heads off,
kids of progress, rugby is going to go away
now but it's been like ten years in
Spain paying a lot for Paquita there's
a lot of things I don't give a [ __ ], a
wise man in the arena who falls for me
telling things as they are,
okay, and whoever has balls and whoever has
balls come up here and
argues it to me, what logic does it make that someone
pays half, I mean, imagine a blond
earning 300, 400 thousand euros a month,
good girl  today is our
birthday I've just turned one year old as a
member of the channel I've been following you since before
infotur let's see if I can always take you in the
chorus machine thank you very much and cheers
felix lavilla and keep going hard
mastodon I don't know if it's your birthday
but congratulations and the case imagine
rubios
earning 300 400 thousand euros face very
calmly because rubio 9
because ruby ​​​​doesn't even have tweets the
rubio can leave his two years on his
video he can be two years on his video
that his channel generates a day what
mine earns a month or so the rubio
easily 300 400 thousand euros and there will be
months when it's worth well of that 400 thousand
euros 200,000 in taxes
as for that a year I [ __ ] myself well
two million well two million is
what we were talking about I mean now
let's see a point a problem that
says that the rubio earns four million
that with two million
the capo is quite incredible and we continue reading
tweets ok
we are in the middle of one of the biggest
health crises that we remember  and if they
raise our taxes
if we've been doing it for two years, okay, now they
want to raise them, I don't know if they'll ever raise them
now they want them to raise them in January,
the grace of I know they're going to raise them in
January 2021, I don't know if it applies or in the
end, no, I don't know what, but all this is
poverty for the country, I mean, take a
calculator, take a calculator
and see what is more convenient
than everyone will stay in the country
paying 25 percent, I mean, you know what
25 percent of what
Gref Rubles Vegeta Willy earns, those of all
those who are there, but I think they are all, all, all,
all are in Andorra,
well, if all that would pay 25% instead of having to
leave because they pay 50% here,
the country would have a lot more money,
points, and now then we would have to
fight so that they don't waste money, so that they don't
steal, so that there is no
corruption, that is not going to end
life, but it is true, truly,
in the end, everyone looks out for themselves, I
mean, because by giving yourself a medal for
being supportive  before 20
if it also stings me when I see it and
at the same time I earn more enough if
politicians steal a lot and among the other things it is
true it is also true that my
uncle had to have operations many times and
that did not ruin my family maybe I will have to
use those services in the
future or maybe not but someone does it
Spanish but he is right in what he says it
is lollipop all is that things like that
is that it mixes to know blame those
who leave that one day there will be no
health care or that one day there will not be to
do it do not blame those who leave
blame those who impose those taxes
because if it were not like that it would not leave
so it is not only the youtubers and
here you talk about the youtubers here they
talk about the youtubers as if they were
the only ones who leave it is not the
youtubers who leave
many people leave and not Andorra and not
Andorra Gabriel thank you very much
welcome not Andorra there are like that of
anonymous people who are entrepreneurs who
have businesses on the internet and they
throw themselves to Andorra or the USA  or to Ireland or a
lot of places but all the people
who earn money leave the country look at the
country
and nothing people come who don't earn
money
and who have no logic there is no defense look look
maximiliano and less rude clear
clear
please live live live live live and taking
advantage of their influence taking advantage of
their influence and their reach so that
everyone applauds the government that is crazy about us
and that hears us clear yes yes
we are stupid yes
when we are in poverty when we
are like Cuba we have deserved it
when we are like Cubans we have
deserved it because we are stupid because
on top of that we are applauding these things
if he earns 800 a month he is not if he earns
against twenty I agree with everything said
lower taxes generally to
18 throughout the national territory without 18
large taifa kingdoms hurray look at
25 puts it 25 a quarter of what it
generates in taxes and all of us would not have
left you know
how many millions that would stay in the
country please
you  you know the millions the
millions that would stay in the country
man please
if he earns 40 thousand a month you don't care unless
he's a disgusting rat who leaves the
country of course man but it's that
all these people [ __ ] [ __ ] progressives
who say these things like that earn 40 thousand you don't
care keep 20 thousand because it's already a
lot I wouldn't do it and you wouldn't do it you
know what to take for granted I
don't think you will become Cuba
or Venezuela they are on the web when we go
bankrupt we ask for a bailout and we should
have them in Europe
Victor or so this
[ __ ] this [ __ ] of no it's that 5 hours 40
soldiers the same keep 20,000 of
course yes man machine you are a
crack of course yes because you take for
granted that my money is to live
today and if I want to buy a house
that costs half a kilo
today and if I want to start seven companies
what of
course I have to eat with 20,000
to live and to shower yes yes but if
I  I want to start three companies with the
money I earn and create jobs
apart from the fact of taking for granted how much
is enough to live for others,
whether because you manage
other people's money, because it was and for granted it wasn't, but the thing is that
with 20 thousand he has a lot to be honest,
blond, I hope you run out of followers,
thief, thief, I mean, I hope you run out of
followers, thief, you no longer want to pay
half of what you earn, you are a thief
because they don't pay the government half of what you earn
so that the government can
do and undo with your money whatever it wants, you
know what the argument he uses is that if you
leave, you are harming the country
because that money is for
public services, if it were for
public services, I would still shut up, but
money is wasted, man, and why does
a politician waste it? I'll buy it
on a Ferrari, you exaggerate, okay, worker, I don't
need a Ferrari, at least it's worth it,
but whoever wants to buy it, let them
buy it. In the end, the
only big decent streams on YouTube
are going to be in the countryside and Ibai, look, you
know what's going on, there are big
streamers in  everyone is worth it and big
youtubers all over the world the thing is
that the only country where
taxes are abusive is here in other countries they
are not so abusive
okay and the big youtubers who earn
millions do not have this problem of
having to go somewhere else and five with
deductible expenses in the personal income tax of those who
have a nerd face
25 percent I see it and
here the problem is with the state and its
henchmen let's change to a
long-term capitalist model
this is great guy this is this is
great okay the blond youtuber is also
moving to Andorra to pay less
taxes according to the economic magazine to
bussi
no sorry show off business I never
say it well
insider earned more than 4 million euros in 2020 it
must be that with 2 million and a
bit he doesn't have enough to live on let them leave if they
want but if you are the door when
leaving it is said of course how the blond earned 4
million in 2020 what happens that with 2
million he doesn't have enough to live on, well let's
put in places because he doesn't pay 3
also you have it is also a lot a
billion no  damn, let him pay 3, let him pay 3,
I see that he pays 3, with one he already has a
lot to touch the web or the first thing is to
assume that your money is to live, the
first thing to assume that your money is
to live, value your money, it
can easily be for what I'm
telling you, to set up companies, to support your entire
family with less taxes, more
collection, of course, but the most is that it is to
wash and the bag is broken and here they
want them to take half from you and for you to keep, let them take half from you
and for you to keep,
but the first thing is to assume, take for
granted that this money is only to live,
if I want to invest it in companies, yes, I
want to see them, I know what comes out
of my dick, but of course, how do you earn 4
million, hey, with 2 million it's already a lot,
give 2 to the government, okay, so that later it
finances Facua, finances the Ministry of
Equality, puts four stones in
Barcelona to see if, damn, give two to the
government,
give them all to the government, damn, and theirs
anyway,
what am I telling you? You should let him go
if you want, but close the door when you
leave, rich people who get out of  Spain
in the midst of the worst
social and economic health crisis in recent
decades where millions of people are
losing the little they had
but the little flag that we are missing is going to have
brought a 2014 video of
Tomorrowland to look for a photo of the
item with the Spanish flag to
say that a false patriot this is to make you
look at it Pablo
to be dominated by the seconds you
really tell me
Pablo that if the blond stays in Spain
and those two million that those two
million that we forget that he is going
to pay them in Spain
those two million moments like this in
2020 and he is going to pay them in Spain
those two million are going to go to the
families who have lost everything
Pablo those two million are going to go to
the families
that have lost everything today those 2
million are administered by the government as
I see take
into account Pablo
what happened Ruben was starving because of the
tax pressure you could not afford the
rent I never found it funny but I never
joined the ranks of those who criticized
because at least good kid good is no longer a
good kid  no longer good kid no longer no longer I was
thinking now another
disgusting nouveau riche who runs away with his money and
leaves his dignity behind
and the same as calling for 4 million which
is logical to give 2
only with the tweet subscribers the
blond earns 40 thousand euros a month
net you are left with a little more than 20 thousand
yes charging that working rap only
has an unsupportive name
the blond in addition to having taken advantage of the
Spanish public system his entire life
you have to thank this very much because
these people believe that later the blond is going to
come to Spain so that
social security can pass him some drawings teacher
no
kids the blond will go to a
private doctor and if he has to have surgery or if
something happens to him he will pay for it he is
going to evade taxes because he does not
want to pay a part of the huge
amount of money that he does not even
need to live in style you
are judging that I need and that it is not
worth it apart from not wanting to pay a part no what he does not want to pay
in half
what he does not want to pay is half worth
the [ __ ] of a person that you have to be you
are already at the top h axa here your thread ends
thanks matías thanks  that these people are
showered with money and yet they are
incapable of paying taxes in their country
so that there are quality public services
is out of pure selfishness and
greed what are you telling me
instead of getting angry with those who have to be
angry we are such idiots
that we get angry with the one who leaves do you see
how the situation is you see how in
the mentality you
see how in the infant mentality with the one
who imposes their taxes and if the
tax were not abusive they would not leave
if the taxes were like this no
one would refuse to pay taxes I would
like the tax to be logical so
that the money from their taxes could be
managed well it would not be wasted it is
worth it
and that we all had an
excellent exit okay public schools
all that there is no lack of anything in the country
but this is this is that we are
idiots we are idiots and the country will
go the [ __ ] [ __ ]
has worked
d
sincerely disappoints me it saddens me
a lot this news rubio has all the
right in the world to manage his life and
his assets as he wants but always  I
experienced it as a very humble and
distinctive gesture. The one who decided to pay taxes
in Spain, Rubio would surely have a
company, in other
words, Rubio with all his
merchandising, brands, he would
surely have set up a company. I
will never defend Rubio from
anything again.
Rubio is a trending topic because he goes to
live in Andorra to pay less
taxes. It's curious, especially when you earn
40,000 euros a month and he keeps 20,000
net for himself. It can't be more
miserable. How easy it is not to do that with
other people's money. Well, you know, I wouldn't do it,
they wouldn't do it, guys.
In fact, the majority of people who
have small businesses,
the majority of people who have small
businesses, what they do is only
declare what they are paid by card.
Many people, I'm not saying all, but many
people, what they pay is when they pay in cash.
What they pay you in cash, they don't
put it in or they put a part of it in because there, as
you show, that so many
teams have won and
everyone plays tricks, then you
know, then don't tell me that if I won
in 40,000 you would be willing to pay
20,000.
no
I do it
separately Ruber doesn't earn 40,000 the blond
can easily earn 10 times this much a month I
hope that when things aren't going so well for them
in a few years Rubin and others
like him don't come to Spain to take
advantage of our services
Javi I'm sending you two hundred euros but with
taxes that's two well with two issues
enough for a beer I must say
in advance that you angle down
triangle down okay he only
drinks such and such but if it has to be said
that the blond is selfish you can add
taxes to Andorra then it's gone and that's it oh
poor thing he doesn't want to
contribute with a tiny bit of his
wealth but what a tiny bit he's
normal if it's half
I think that these people are really
complaining because they complain because they
have the mentality that since they
think they'll never be able to
earn what others earn
since they think they'll never be
able to earn what
others earn then they are envious and say
take it away take it away and more they have to take it
away because they already have too much [ __ ] it's over
tiny part
like a tiny part I gave you the
example the other day imagine that
you
have a grandfather who has worked hard
and you get an inheritance and you have a million
euros in the bank
and it turns out I say
give us the million from your grandfather that he has
earned working all his life your
grandfather can't keep it all now
with half a million you have well
imagine or I could give you the example
but it doesn't make any sense there is no
reasonable explanation for why one
person has to pay half period
the blond leaves Andorra to earn more
money and be unsupportive well
understandable because with his face and his voice
here they mess with his physique
because such
co socialism
hehehe
appears it seems tell me have you seen what
albertito has done
well quality although again because the
fascists
tiny part of looting half of x
quickly
but because it is not theirs
in Cuba taxes are not paid javi I am
Cuban
not at all willing to do more anything either
except to pay anything I don't see it I
believe that each one has to contribute their
part you know so that we have everything and
then  the government that works for
us let's not forget because you
are stupid well you tell us the
benches misfortune the companies for
these people are stupid and it seems that they
work for the government but don't
forget that the government works for
us they are our employees and they
have to make sure that this money is
managed as best as possible but
this avatar is not made is that in fact you will see
this avatar sounds familiar to me because the fascists are
so happy that the blond is going
to Andorra go to patriots we
have strangers in this country
as it was
if beret
retweeting made street it looked fatal
Ruben Sanchez with Rayo
provides this Progress account
but fabric not giving away English ski for
donation he kept everything
but that is what he always does no
Michelle he always does that
obviously they go give me everything by email and I
took a look to see how much
this account keeps sounds like me
or that he has started to
[Music]
to retweet the d
when removing it from the thread this of the
psychologist
quality of [ __ ] with something
This problem account sounds like a lot,
why taxes and everything is from the
government in Cuba,
this table, look, see it here, mess
with me,
here you have me with you, the VAT and you see it and
here they call me a precarious worker,
probably poor and aligned
and an idiot,
thanks, welcome march, how little people
remember the businessman, 150
euros, how
little people remember the
businessman, pure with 50 euros and
the law is already there or bad,
senseless